that could I rely on the most as later? Who's my core team? But, um, one
relied on my to be that my right captain. So when I was assistant
or combat systems officer or division officer level, rely on the cheap.
A officers of my division or leading senior had the officer Matthew.
But those are our people directly rely upon, but also by my fellow
officers. No boy, and certainly the department head reported change.
One thing. One officer I would call a putz always be in touch
with friends with. It's a supply officer, the supply officer, a Fiji.
He gets the parts that you need to do your mission They Kashyap and
answer Kasia. Well, this by ulcers signing off on that message. So
I always, you know, supply also pretty world.